RFD 16: Add a section on `tctl rm` resetting resources back to defaults (#5673)
gravitational/teleport: rfd/0016-dynamic-configuration.md

current/source `origin` value of a resource while the top row is the
desired/target `origin` value:

|    *from \ to*    |                   **`defaults`**                  |           **`config-file`**          |           **(other)**           |
|       :---:       |                       :---:                       |                 :---:                |              :---:              |
|   **`defaults`**  |                        n/a                        | specify in `teleport.yaml` & restart |          `tctl create`          |
| **`config-file`** | remove from `teleport.yaml` / `tctl rm --confirm` |  change in `teleport.yaml` & restart | `tctl create --force --confirm` |

> |    **(other)**    |                     `tctl rm`                     | specify in `teleport.yaml` & restart |      `tctl create --force`      |

Author: This suggestion isn't correct, `tctl rm` (to reset the resource back to its defaults) is not needed here. 

The config file always takes precedence so its values are always committed during auth server init no matter if the previously stored resource is an explicit dynamic config or defaults.

   immediately.

2. If called without `--force` and the fetched resource does not have
   `origin: defaults` then print an error:
   ```
   non-default cluster auth preference already exists, use -f or --force flag
   to overwrite
   ```

3. If called with `--force` and the fetched resource does not have `origin:
   config-file` then store the resource specified in the provided YAML file
   in the backend.

4. If called with `--force` and the fetched resource has `origin: config-file`
   then print an error:
   ```
   This resource is managed by static configuration. We recommend removing
   configuration from teleport.yaml, restarting the servers and trying this
   command again.

   If you would still like to proceed, re-run the comand with both --force and
   --confirm flags.
   ```

>    Invocation with both `--force` and `--confirm` will temporarily replace the

Author: The resource has `origin: config-file` implying there is (or recently was) explicit configuration touching the resource in `teleport.yaml`. Assuming this `teleport.yaml` isn't removed until the next auth server init, it will take precedence and overwrite anything that's stored in the backend.

>    Invocation with both `--force` and `--confirm` will temporarily replace the

Reviewer: gotcha, suggested rewording to make this clearer

>    Invocation with both `--force` and `--confirm` will temporarily replace the
>    stored resource with the YAML one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Invocation with both `--force` and `--confirm` will replace the
   stored resource with the YAML one until the auth server restart.
```

This logic implies Choice 5.A and an adaptation of Choice 6.A.

### `tctl rm`

The `tctl rm` subcommand can be used to reset dynamic resources back to their defaults.

1. Fetch the resource currently stored in the backend; on error return
   immediately.

2. If the fetched resource does not have `origin: config-file`, replace the

>    stored resource with the default one.

Author: It is generally assumed that to have a dynamic config in place there should be no related custom values in the config file. But you're right, there may be some cases (the aforementioned temporal overrides) that introduce dynamic configuration by overriding the present static configuration. It might make sense for `tctl rm` to remove such temporary experimental dynamic configs and bring back the overridden `config-file` values.

As we don't really keep the config file values around, implementing this would be pretty complicated, I think.

>    stored resource with the default one.

Reviewer: Fair enough.

3. If called without `--confirm` and the fetched resource has `origin: config-file`
   then print an error:
   ```
   This resource is managed by static configuration. We recommend removing
   configuration from teleport.yaml and restarting the servers in order to
   reset the resource to defaults.

   If you would still like to proceed, re-run the command with --confirm flag.
   ```

>    Invocation with `--confirm` will temporarily replace the stored resource with
>    the default one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Invocation with `--confirm` will replace the stored resource with
   the default one until the auth server restart.
```
